Minor improvements to the PR template (#17782)
nvaccess/nvda: projectDocs/dev/githubPullRequestTemplateExplanationAndExamples.md

# Creating PRs on the NVDA project

This page is meant to serve as an explanation for how to fill out
[our Github pull request template](https://github.com/nvaccess/nvda/blob/master/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md)

## The title

Please use a descriptive title of the changes.
Avoid relying on references to issues or PRs, ensure the title is self-descriptive.
To automatically generate a title, set the title to `@coderabbitai title`.

## The template

> At the start of the template, there is an HTML comment block (starting with `<!--`), which points to this wiki page.

Reviewer: This is probably a legacy from when we used wiki pages

```suggestion
At the start of the template, there is an HTML comment block (starting with `<!--`), which points to this page.
```

It can be left in place and will not appear once the issue is saved.
However, you may delete it (i.e. all text up to and including `-->`) if you like.

### Link to issue number:

Please include the issue number here, including information on how this pull request is related to it.
This helps us to keep the information linked together.
If this is a minor/trivial change an issue does not need to be created.
If in doubt, please create one.

Note that Github [allows you to automatically close issues using keywords](https://help.github.com/en/articles/closing-issues-using-keywords).
For example, when writing `closes #7777` or `fixes #4242` in the body of the description, the mentioned issue will automatically be closed when the pull request is merged into the master branch.

> If your pull request is filed against another branch, such as beta, the particular issue will have to be closed manually after merging the pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your pull request is merged into another branch, such as beta, the particular issue will be closed automatically after merging the pull request into master from beta.
```

Example: a new app module was created, which handles an event raised by UIA.

### Testing strategy:

Outline the steps you took to test the change.
This should allow someone else to reproduce your testing.

More broadly, try to answer the following questions:

- How have you tested to ensure that your change works as intended?
- Have you ensured testing coverage across all supported operating systems?
- Have you considered possible regressions (related features or behaviours that may break)?

Please use this section as an opportunity to try to convince us (and yourself) that your proposed change should be merged.

Often in face to face development it's useful to demonstrate a change, quite often bugs are noticed at this point when the new person asks for some variation in testing approach.

> Since we unlikely to be able to demonstrate a feature in an interactive way, an easy-to-follow list of steps for a "demo" allows others to check for themselves without having to work out all the details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since we are unlikely to be able to demonstrate a feature in an interactive way, an easy-to-follow list of steps for a "demo" allows others to check for themselves without having to work out all the details.
```

### Known issues with pull request:

Are there any known issues or downsides of this approach?
For instance, "Will not work with UIA enabled in advanced settings".

## Code Review Checklist

Code must be reviewed (via a Pull Request on GitHub) before it can be accepted into the project.
The [Pull Request template](.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md) asks authors (and reviewers) to consider several aspects of the change.

The aim of this checklist is to ensure each item has been considered by both the author and the reviewer.
Hopefully it helps to prevent items being forgotten.
After reviewing the checklist, the reviewer and author need to use their best judgement on whether they think further changes need to be made.
Reviewers are invited to start a conversation about items in the list, to provide guidance on how to improve the PR.
Not all items will be applicable for all situations, in this case checking the item lets reviewers know it's been considered.
If the reviewer reaches the same conclusion as the author, no further work is necessary.

Most items in the checklist have a section in the PR template where you can add your thoughts.

> Doing so may preempt questions from the reviewer ensuring you are on the same page and speeding up the review process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Doing so may pre-empt questions from the reviewer ensuring you are on the same page, speeding up the review process.
```

or

```suggestion
Doing so may pre-empt questions from the reviewer ensuring you are on the same page and speed up the review process.
```

### Testing:

Discuss under "testing strategy" heading:

- Unit tests
  - Describe the coverage of automated unit tests?

>   - Is the changed covered already, or can it be covered by automated unit tests?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Is the change covered already, or can it be covered by automated unit tests?
```

or

```suggestion
  - Is the changed code covered already, or can it be covered by automated unit tests?
```

- System tests
  - Describe the coverage of automated system tests?

>   - Is the changed covered already, or can it be covered by automated system tests?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Is the change covered already, or can it be covered by automated system tests?
```

or

```suggestion
  - Is the changed code covered already, or can it be covered by automated system tests?
```
